Before we move on, though, what I do wanna
cover, there was a question in the chat,
which is actually a great one regarding
how do you actually generate unique keys
on the frontend?
And so, to be clear, so the thing that
I've shown you over this workshop,
let's see, if we take a look at here.
Okay, Line 32.
As you can see, this is something that
I've cobbled together myself, right?
I'm using ES6 template literals to say
I'm gonna guess at a unique data type,
which is user, and
then I'm just gonna attach the ID to it,
even though I know the ID
is kind of not as unique.
And so, this works, I think, when you're
just prototyping and working on things,
but obviously on an enterprise grade
application that becomes a very different
matter, right?
Because user, like you're all of a sudden
contingent on the fact that someone made
the right choices to
scope the name correctly.
And that's not something we ever wanna
rely on in terms of reducing human error.
So when it comes to actually
generating unique IDs granted, ideally,
your backend is doing that for you.
But in the event you're not
actually getting that information,
the npm module I'd really highly
recommend is the uuid module.
And so, basically how it works is you'll
install UUID on your project, and
you basically, as you can see here,
you import it at the top of your file.
And then as part of like
creating the new form, so
actually this does happen a lot if you're
creating like on the frontend side,
especially, creating new data that
you might be sending to the backend.
So you might actually have a case
where I'm gonna just pseudocode this,
we're not gonna install it because
that will just add to the bloat.
But for the sake of demoing this,
let me just go ahead, and at the top here.
So you can imagine that,
what we would do is we would say,
we've copied this line to say, okay,
we want to use the uuid library.
And then again,
assuming we had a new method called,
add, why is that doing that?
Okay, addNewUser(), you could then
say this.UserList.push(), and
when you create a new object, this is
where you're gonna go the ID is going to
be, [SOUND], uuidv4 run like this.
And then, typically, you probably would
have some new user object that you
have in your reactive data, that contains
like name, again, let's say Ben.
And so, what I typically do, is I just
spread out everything from this.newUser().
And then I basically override, in case
there's any IDs that are attached to it,
this ensures that it's
being generated on the fly.
And then that's basically how I would
approach generating a unique ID on
the frontend.